hey guys wanted to show you the unboxing
of my vertex alpha 200 skimmer bought it
from bulk reef supply and they really
ship quick two days and that's pretty
consistent you can say they use it
expanding foam comes very well pack you
know they squirt the foam in there and
it expands and envelops the protein
skimmer so I'm looking for the pump I
think it's in the box below so here it
is all pulled out and you can see the
box worthy the Red Dragon pump will be
contained and then the bubble bubble
wrap around the skimmer and here it is
again with everything removed you can
see the red dragon pump the nozzle that
plugs into the chamber there you can see
the vertex vertex alpha 200 skimmer
emblem very heavy the acrylic feels like
glass very nicely made there you can see
the titanium screws on the skimmer unit
as well as on the pump here's the the
tubing that goes to the the base chamber
I had heard that the earlier versions of
the Alpha skimmer had holes on both ends
so you could put the pump based on how
your sump was set up but this one
doesn't appear to have that so there's
the red dragon I understand they use the
same pump on the Alpha 250 and the Alpha
300 it's very heavy and then you can see
the rubber stand off so it looks like
they're really design it for you know
minimize vibration and noise so that's
good to see it'll be nice to see this
thing working there you can see the
German on the pump there you can see the
air line and then the the ozone line
although I I don't know what the Ozone's
for I'll have to read up on that there's
the top very heavy again looks pretty
well made
it's like it has some access holes I
don't know for better airflow I'm not
sure then here it is with the skimmer
cup removed it was threaded took like
four or five turns to get it off I think
there's like a quarter inch clearance or
maybe three eighths very smooth
operation again very heavy there's the
whole ring very well made it's just a
great feel of quality so going to give
this a dry run maybe i'll make another
video on that show you what it looks
like in my trigger system sump okay